Participants: Ali Chaudhry, Shoaib Khan, Saad Afaan Syed, William San, David Huynh, David Chen, Walter Lin

Some of the more difficult subtasks from the previous sprint were moved to this sprint as a new task. Some tasks had a sub-task. Each team member had a task or subtask asssigned to them. One user story is Nested Sessions List which allows the professor to create courses and create sessions within the courses as a drop down menu. We require a Front-end that will deal with how it will look with the drop down menu. We also have someone in the back end to deal with the api calls to receive the sessions. Another person will work on completeing the average rating from 1-3 number to something more meaningfull like a percent, and another on creating a sliding live view for the line graph showing student activity during prof's sessions. Two peopl will work on a delete button on the prof view for each session, split into the front end portion and the backend. Lastly, a person will work on a user story that deals with Analytics which allows the professor to see previous data displayed on screen. This will allow to Click Session Redirection to Analytics Page, which is exactly in its name; Fetch Data from the Database, which allows us to receive the previous data from that session; Populate Chatbox with Timestamps, dealing with frontend display of chatbox; Sliding and Zoom(Static), deals with sliding of the line graph depending on time and zooming in to a specific moment of the graph. The goal of the sprint is to deal with the professors' view, fixing the sessions list and implementing more features for the prof to use. Team capacity did not increase, we have to do approximately one task/subtask each.

Spikes required to learn front-end and back-end material.

End of Sprint4 meeting.
